Docs: remove some duplicated migration entries (#18480)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/v2_migration.md

There is a new way of setting the `cpp_info` information with these
generators using the ``set_property(property_name, value)`` method.

Both of these two models **will live together in recipes** to make
recipes compatible for both 1.x and 2.0 users. Deprecated feilds are not to be removed at this time.

> To understand the impact of these and the relation between different generates, refer to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the impact of this and the relation between different generators, refer to the 
```
